Fill in missing example description test snippets (#4745)
rerun-io/rerun: examples/python/rgbd/README.md

<!--[metadata]
title = "RGBD"
tags = ["2D", "3D", "depth", "nyud", "pinhole-camera"]

> description = "Shows an example dataset from New York University with RGB and Depth channels."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "Visualizes an example recording from the NYUD dataset with RGB and Depth channels."
```
